So far you seem to be doing well
But don't be proud.
You have to get him to completely approve of you
But I think
Your mother has completely approved of me, that's what you think
Still have to perform well
For example
For example, even if you think my mother's cooking is not delicious
But
Don't make it look like it's hard to swallow
My usual drink
The food is prepared by a dedicated senior chef
I'm not used to what other people do
You make me pretend
I'm not good at it.
If you are not good at
You wouldn't be impersonating the president
Take out your three-kilometer and you'll get it done
I believe you.
Excuse me.
I'm not interested.
You really hurt me, didn't you?
Be careful I deduct your wages
Once Mommy and Daddy eat an unpalatable meal
You can't help but spit it out
He really can't help with this job
Brick moving brother
What kind of quirk are you?
At least you killed it
If you make my mom unhappy
He will let me save my family order
Xiao Gu, try your mother's cooking
Eat while it's hot
i
Don't vomit, hold back